hello this is August 31st 2011 this is
Emily she is nine and a half years old
and just completed her first twirling
lesson Emily would you show everybody a
flat spin please actually I'm going to
show you a few tricks in mine
oh very nice so it was a great toss and
catch okay and this is the flash spin it
is very simple trick that looks great
and great thing is that you don't really
have any disease and why you why are you
doing twirling twirling is not for
sissies
lots of bangs and bruises huh yes you
usually hit hurts at least once during
lesson okay would you show everybody how
to do the scoops scoops are also known
as a figure eight spin I think thank you
Ray but face me so we can really see it
oh wow that looks awesome
very fast yeah I was trying to twirl as
well I love it this looks great okay
take me swinging out there love it
okay now I'd like to show you what way
is learned as a sign of our routine very
good I'm going to try and do the usual
I'm not that good at very much miss
let's do something like that but not at
all for today right okay to say bye bye
bye